# assignment-1
assignment 1 work

DAT-405 Atom project: assignment 1
For this project, I just decided to make a small program that will be able to teach children how to learn their shapes and if developed more, they will even learn how to type the names of the shapes in the program. For this project, one of the artists that managed to inspire me was Picasso. He made a painting with different random stuff in it which was called the Guernica. This concept is what I introduced to my program, where random shapes are put at random positions on the page. The other artist who was able to inspire me was Henri Matisse, he made something called the snail which was just random papers cut and pasted on a paper but managed to make shapes and a masterpiece too. The other artist who inspired me was Dia al-Azzawi, he was one of Iraq’s most influential artists and his work always did portray a huge message to the people who saw it. 
For the project, I just started with a blank canvas. I just added circles to the page but at random with no loop, after I wanted to change the shapes and the positions of the shapes to be at random on the canvas so I coded it so the shapes will just appear anywhere on the canvas. I then coded it so that it can change shapes due to user interaction by using the keyboard. I was able to complete that fully but by only using the first letters of the shapes, I tried to use the full names of the shapes but I just wasn’t working on the because some of the letters in the shapes names where clashing with the names of the other shapes so I left this option for future changes. We had made a project like the one that I made but at that point I didn’t even understand what was even happening when coding for it. To use the app, you just have to use first letters of shapes so that it can change shapes.
For the future of this project, I wish to make it more interactive so that the kids who might be using my project may have more fun using it and be able to use the full shape names as that will enable them to be able to know the full names other than just the first letters of the names of the shapes. Also for the future, I wish to know how use the other uses of the app atom so that I could be able to use more functionality of the app so that it could be able to make more sense and people be able to understand how to use the project to teach people.
